README.md, before:

# RevoFun Game Web
Read This to know overall overview of the RevoFun website.

## Website overview
RevoFun is a website that used for playing games on the website, on this website there will be 3 games.

The website consists of following games :
- **Number Guessing Game**  
    In this number guessing game, you can input the desired attempt you want to try (up to 10 guess).  
    After you input the number of guess you want to try, the system will generate random number from 1-100, you have to try guessing the number within the desired attempt.

- **Button Clicker**  
    In this button clicker game, you can input how many second you want to play the game (up to 30 second), after that you can try to click the button as much as you can.


## Feature Implemented
There are following feature that I use for this website : 
- Auto input deletion when inputed value is not valid.
- Validation for invalid input.
- Scoreboard for clicker game and avoid falling object game.

## Technologies Used
For this website I used following technologies :
- HTML
- git
- Tailwind CSS
- Javascript

P.S. Click [here](https://revou-fsse-oct25.github.io/milestone-2-amaierr/) to go to this website :)

Commit message:

add rock paper scissors page

README.md, after:

# RevoFun Game Web
Read This to know overall overview of the RevoFun website.

## Website overview
RevoFun is a website that used for playing games on the website, on this website there will be 3 games.

The website consists of following games :
- **Number Guessing Game**  
    In this number guessing game, you can input the desired attempt you want to try (up to 10 guess).  
    After you input the number of guess you want to try, the system will generate random number from 1-100, you have to try guessing the number within the desired attempt.

- **Button Clicker**  
    In this button clicker game, you can input how many second you want to play the game (up to 30 second), after that you can try to click the button as much as you can.

- **Rock Paper Scissors**  
    In this game you have to beat the computer on rock paper scissors game and score as much as you can to beat your previous high score.


## Feature Implemented
There are following feature that I use for this website : 
- Auto input deletion when inputed value is not valid.
- Validation for invalid input.
- Scoreboard for clicker game.
- High score that stored in web local storage.

## Technologies Used
For this website I used following technologies :
- HTML
- git
- Tailwind CSS
- Javascript

P.S. Click [here](https://revou-fsse-oct25.github.io/milestone-2-amaierr/) to go to this website :)
